what we know is that Saddam has this
material you don't know that I mean he
just keeps repeating the lie just
because you're the Prime Minister it
doesn't mean you get to make up your own
facts someone in this building has
betrayed their country
if you are found to have withheld
information you will be charged with a
breach of the Official Secrets cousin
gun do you think - leaked because Remo
[Music]
brought you this friend be careful this
is real you do the jokes for having in
your possession you're a spy you work
for the British government no I work for
the British people
I do not collect information so that the
government can lie to the British people
intelligence may be being manipulated to
take this country - all stop taking Tony
play at face value
you had nothing to gain and everything
to lose this could result in a prison
sentence do you want to risk it all
[Applause]
everywhere
every country biggest demonstration in
human history if we do not go published
we would be conceded that no one who
ever tell the people when their
government is lying
[Music]
we did
it was extraordinary
the war is illegal the public is
entitled to know why my motives was stop
a war and save lives I have to tell the
truth
you